README.md, before:

# Charting-Library---Android-SDK-Legacy

Native Android SDK for the [ChartIQ JavaScript Library](https://documentation.chartiq.com).

This SDK has been designed to support a [basic application](https://github.com/ChartIQ/Charting-Library---Android-Sample-App-Legacy) and may need to be extended to enable more elaborate implementations, which can be done by adding code to invoke JavaScript functions directly.

**End of support**

Support for this SDK ended as of Version 8.0.0 of the ChartIQ library. Please use the [ChartIQ-Android-SDK](https://github.com/ChartIQ/ChartIQ-Android-SDK) instead.

## Requirements

Version 7.0.5 to 7.5.0 of the ChartIQ library.

## Sample app

A sample app created using this SDK is located in the [Charting-Library---Android-Sample-App-Legacy](https://github.com/ChartIQ/Charting-Library---Android-Sample-App-Legacy) repository.

## Questions and support

Contact our development support team at <support@chartiq.com>.

See our JavaScript documentation at https://documentation.chartiq.com.

Commit message:

Added API documentation and tutorial links.

README.md, after:

# Charting-Library---Android-SDK-Legacy

Native Android SDK for the [ChartIQ JavaScript Library](https://documentation.chartiq.com).

This SDK has been designed to support a [basic application](https://github.com/ChartIQ/Charting-Library---Android-Sample-App-Legacy) and may need to be extended to support more elaborate implementations, which can be done by adding code to invoke JavaScript functions directly.

See the [Starting on Mobile: Android - Legacy](https://documentation.chartiq.com/tutorial-Starting%20on%20Android%20-%20Legacy.html) tutorial for instruction on using this SDK.

**End of support**

Support for this SDK ended as of Version 8.0.0 of the ChartIQ library. Please use the [ChartIQ-Android-SDK](https://github.com/ChartIQ/ChartIQ-Android-SDK) instead.

## Requirements

Version 7.0.5 to 7.5.0 of the ChartIQ library.

## Sample app

A sample app created using this SDK is located in the [Charting-Library---Android-Sample-App-Legacy](https://github.com/ChartIQ/Charting-Library---Android-Sample-App-Legacy) repository.

## API documentation

- [SDK](https://chartiq.readme.io/docs)

- [ChartIQ JavaScript library](https://documentation.chartiq.com)

## Questions and support

Contact our development support team at <support@chartiq.com>.
